README.md, before:

# Razeedeploy-delta

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/razee-io/razeedeploy-delta.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/razee-io/razeedeploy-delta)
[![Dependabot Status](https://api.dependabot.com/badges/status?host=github&repo=razee-io/razeedeploy-delta)](https://dependabot.com)

## Running Install/Remove Job Manually

1. Download [Job](https://github.com/razee-io/razeedeploy-delta/releases/latest/download/job.yaml)
1. Replace `{{ NAMESPACE }}` with the namespace you want everything installed into/removed from.
1. Replace `{{ COMMAND }}` with either `install` or `remove`
1. Replace `{{ ARGS_ARRAY }}` with and array of the options you want to run. eg. `["--rr", "--wk", "-a"]`
1. Run `kubectl apply -f job.yaml`

### Install Job Options

[Code Reference](https://github.com/razee-io/razeedeploy-delta/blob/master/src/install.js#L35-L63)

```text
-h, --help
    : help menu
-d, --debug=''
    : loop to keep the pod running. Does not attempt install (Default 5 minutes)
-n, --namespace=''
    : namespace to populate razeedeploy resources into (Default 'razeedeploy')
-s, --file-source=''
    : url that razeedeploy-job should source razeedeploy resource files from (Default 'https://github.com/razee-io')
--fp, --file-path=''
    : the path directly after each component, e.g. \${fileSource}/WatchKeeper/\${filePath}. (Default 'releases/{{install_version}}/resource.yaml')
-r, --registry=''
    : image registry that razeedeploy-job should install razeedeploy images with (Default 'quay.io/razee/')
--wk, --watchkeeper='', --watch-keeper=''
    : install watchkeeper at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--cs, --clustersubscription=''
    : install clustersubscription at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--rd-url, --razeedash-url=''
    : url that watchkeeper should post data to (Default '\${--razeedash-api}/api/v2' if provided)
--rd-api, --razeedash-api=''
    : razee api baseUrl (Default '\${--razeedash-url}.origin' if provided)
--rd-org-key, --razeedash-org-key=''
    : org key used to authenticate with razee
--rd-cluster-id, --razeedash-cluster-id=''
    : cluster id to be used as the cluster id in RazeeDash (Default 'namespace.metadata.uid')
--rd-cluster-metadata64, --razeedash-cluster-metadata64=''
    : base64 encoded JSON object of cluster metadata entries {key: value, ...}. To be stored into watch-keeper-cluster-metadata ConfigMap and sent to RazeeDash
--rr, --remoteresource=''
    : install remoteresource at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--rrs3, --remoteresources3=''
    : install remoteresources3 at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--rrs3d, --remoteresources3decrypt=''
    : install remoteresources3decrypt at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--mtp, --mustachetemplate=''
    : install mustachetemplate at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--ffsld, --featureflagsetld=''
    : install featureflagsetld at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--er, --encryptedresource=''
    : install encryptedresource at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--ms, --managedset=''
    : install managedset at a specific version (Default 'latest')
-a, --autoupdate
    : will create a remoteresource that will pull and keep specified resources updated to latest (even if a version was specified). if no resources specified, will do all known resources.
```

### Remove Job Options

[Code Reference](https://github.com/razee-io/razeedeploy-delta/blob/master/src/remove.js#L33-L49)

```text
-h, --help
    : help menu
-d, --debug=''
    : loop to keep the pod running. Does not attempt removal (Default 5 minutes)
-n, --namespace=''
    : namespace to remove razeedeploy resources from (Default 'razeedeploy')
--dn, --delete-namespace
    : include namespace as a resource to delete (Default false)
-s, --file-source=''
    : url that razeedeploy-job should source razeedeploy resource files from (Default 'https://github.com')
--fp, --file-path=''
    : the path directly after each component, e.g. ${fileSource}/WatchKeeper/${filePath}. (Default 'releases/{{install_version}}/resource.yaml')
-t, --timeout
    : time (minutes) before failing to delete CRD (Default 5)
-a, --attempts
    : number of attempts to verify CRD is deleted before failing (Default 5)
-f, --force
    : force delete the CRD and CR instances without allowing the controller to clean up children (Default false)
```

## Ensure Exist Resources

Some resources created by this job are considered `ensure exist`. That means
if they have been created/modified already, the install job wont replace whats
already there. If you would like to re-install RazeeDeploy on a cluster completely
from scratch, you must first delete these resources:

- PreReqs: (all installs)
  - ServiceAccount: `razeedeploy-sa`
  - ClusterRole: `razeedeploy-admin-cr`
  - ClusterRoleBinding: `razeedeploy-rb`
- WatchKeeper Config: (only when installing watchkeeper)
  - ServiceAccount: `watch-keeper-sa`
  - ClusterRole: `razee-cluster-reader`
  - ClusterRoleBinding: `watch-keeper-rb`
  - ConfigMap: `watch-keeper-config`
  - ConfigMap: `razee-identity`
  - Secret: `razee-identity`
  - ConfigMap: `watch-keeper-limit-poll`
  - ConfigMap: `watch-keeper-non-namespaced`
  - NetworkPolicy: `watch-keeper-deny-ingress`
- ClusterSubscription Config: (only when installing clustersubscription)
  - ConfigMap: `razee-identity`
  - Secret: `razee-identity`

Commit message:

feat: replace pre-existing razee configuration on the cluster
allow user to install from scratch using the `-f, --force` option

README.md, after:

# Razeedeploy-delta

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/razee-io/razeedeploy-delta.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/razee-io/razeedeploy-delta)
[![Dependabot Status](https://api.dependabot.com/badges/status?host=github&repo=razee-io/razeedeploy-delta)](https://dependabot.com)

## Running Install/Remove Job Manually

1. Download [Job](https://github.com/razee-io/razeedeploy-delta/releases/latest/download/job.yaml)
1. Replace `{{ NAMESPACE }}` with the namespace you want everything installed into/removed from.
1. Replace `{{ COMMAND }}` with either `install` or `remove`
1. Replace `{{ ARGS_ARRAY }}` with and array of the options you want to run. eg. `["--rr", "--wk", "-a"]`
1. Run `kubectl apply -f job.yaml`

### Install Job Options

[Code Reference](https://github.com/razee-io/razeedeploy-delta/blob/master/src/install.js#L35-L63)

```text
-h, --help
    : help menu
-d, --debug=''
    : loop to keep the pod running. Does not attempt install (Default 5 minutes)
-n, --namespace=''
    : namespace to populate razeedeploy resources into (Default 'razeedeploy')
-s, --file-source=''
    : url that razeedeploy-job should source razeedeploy resource files from (Default 'https://github.com/razee-io')
--fp, --file-path=''
    : the path directly after each component, e.g. \${fileSource}/WatchKeeper/\${filePath}. (Default 'releases/{{install_version}}/resource.yaml')
-r, --registry=''
    : image registry that razeedeploy-job should install razeedeploy images with (Default 'quay.io/razee/')
--wk, --watchkeeper='', --watch-keeper=''
    : install watchkeeper at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--cs, --clustersubscription=''
    : install clustersubscription at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--rd-url, --razeedash-url=''
    : url that watchkeeper should post data to (Default '\${--razeedash-api}/api/v2' if provided)
--rd-api, --razeedash-api=''
    : razee api baseUrl (Default '\${--razeedash-url}.origin' if provided)
--rd-org-key, --razeedash-org-key=''
    : org key used to authenticate with razee
--rd-cluster-id, --razeedash-cluster-id=''
    : cluster id to be used as the cluster id in RazeeDash (Default 'namespace.metadata.uid')
--rd-cluster-metadata64, --razeedash-cluster-metadata64=''
    : base64 encoded JSON object of cluster metadata entries {key: value, ...}. To be stored into watch-keeper-cluster-metadata ConfigMap and sent to RazeeDash
--rr, --remoteresource=''
    : install remoteresource at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--rrs3, --remoteresources3=''
    : install remoteresources3 at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--rrs3d, --remoteresources3decrypt=''
    : install remoteresources3decrypt at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--mtp, --mustachetemplate=''
    : install mustachetemplate at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--ffsld, --featureflagsetld=''
    : install featureflagsetld at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--er, --encryptedresource=''
    : install encryptedresource at a specific version (Default 'latest')
--ms, --managedset=''
    : install managedset at a specific version (Default 'latest')
-f, --force
    : overwrite prerequisite configuration already installed on the cluster (Default false)
-a, --autoupdate
    : will create a remoteresource that will pull and keep specified resources updated to latest (even if a version was specified). if no resources specified, will do all known resources.
```

### Remove Job Options

[Code Reference](https://github.com/razee-io/razeedeploy-delta/blob/master/src/remove.js#L33-L49)

```text
-h, --help
    : help menu
-d, --debug=''
    : loop to keep the pod running. Does not attempt removal (Default 5 minutes)
-n, --namespace=''
    : namespace to remove razeedeploy resources from (Default 'razeedeploy')
--dn, --delete-namespace
    : include namespace as a resource to delete (Default false)
-s, --file-source=''
    : url that razeedeploy-job should source razeedeploy resource files from (Default 'https://github.com')
--fp, --file-path=''
    : the path directly after each component, e.g. ${fileSource}/WatchKeeper/${filePath}. (Default 'releases/{{install_version}}/resource.yaml')
-t, --timeout
    : time (minutes) before failing to delete CRD (Default 5)
-a, --attempts
    : number of attempts to verify CRD is deleted before failing (Default 5)
-f, --force
    : force delete the CRD and CR instances without allowing the controller to clean up children (Default false)
```

## Ensure Exist Resources

Some resources created by this job are considered `ensure exist`. That means
if they have been created/modified already, the install job wont replace whats
already there. If you would like to re-install RazeeDeploy on a cluster completely
from scratch, you must first delete these resources:

- PreReqs: (all installs)
  - ServiceAccount: `razeedeploy-sa`
  - ClusterRole: `razeedeploy-admin-cr`
  - ClusterRoleBinding: `razeedeploy-rb`
- WatchKeeper Config: (only when installing watchkeeper)
  - ServiceAccount: `watch-keeper-sa`
  - ClusterRole: `razee-cluster-reader`
  - ClusterRoleBinding: `watch-keeper-rb`
  - ConfigMap: `watch-keeper-config`
  - ConfigMap: `razee-identity`
  - Secret: `razee-identity`
  - ConfigMap: `watch-keeper-limit-poll`
  - ConfigMap: `watch-keeper-non-namespaced`
  - NetworkPolicy: `watch-keeper-deny-ingress`
- ClusterSubscription Config: (only when installing clustersubscription)
  - ConfigMap: `razee-identity`
  - Secret: `razee-identity`
